# Android Template

Default project for Android.

## Default Activities

* Splash screen
* Login screen
* Create account screen
* Password Recovery screen
* Main activity screen

## Extras

* Firebase user creation
* Firebase user login
* Firebase password recovery
* Cloud Firestore store connection
* Shared Preferences manager

## Main changes you need to do...

### Rename the project
+

### Splash screen
+ Create a vector asset with the name ic_logo (you need an SVG or a PSD) for the logo and replace the placeholder
+ You can change the background color in color/colorSplash

### App icon
+ Create an image asset with the name ic_launcher. Change the background if you want.

### Firebase credentials
+ Create a firebase project
+ Link the firebase project to your android code
+ Replace the google-services.json.default with the one provided by firebase (set the android studio view to project). You can find the file into /app.

### Create new activities
+ All the activities extend default activity. All the managers are defined there and the onCreate function trigger 3 methods, setLayout, the one you should redefine if you have a layout for your activity; createInternalItems, where all the managers are created; and createViews, that you should redefine (always calling the super method because this creates the progress bar) to create your own views.

### Loading
+ If you want to use the loading function, you MUST add a ContentLoadingProgressBar in your layout name it loading.
+ If you want to enable, disable, set not clickable or any other action while the progress bar is displayed, you can override the setEnableViews function.


* Active Cloud Firestore
* Allow readiness to the user
* Create a collection named: Example
* Create a document (id autogenerated) with a field named example with a string value example
*


## Contact
Jorge Espinosa: [jorge.espinosa.ald@gmail.com](mailto:jorge.espinosa.ald@gmail.com)